hey guys my name's ali-a welcome to
someone warfare 3 multiplayer news
regarding golden guns in the
highest-ranked now we've always had
Perks who always had attachments for
multiplayer but now they've introduced a
new new thing called proficiencies now
we can actually rank up guns separately
to the progressive ranking system we're
used to sitting I'll touch on the
highest rank or what we believe to be
the highest rank very shortly but we
have proficiencies here as you can see
on the screen and you get these by
ranking up your gun separately and now I
believe the highest rank for each gun is
30 and we get these as we go up the
ranking system and once we actually hit
the highest rank we'll be able to
require the golden camo for that gun
which doesn't mean we have to press deed
so you can if you want to stick at the
lowest prestige and just get the gold
mechana mode that way in black ops you
have to hit prestige 14 before you could
get any golden cameras at all and it
cost a lot of cod points Cod points
won't be making a return in cool duty
modern warfare 3 and in terms of the
highest prestige in the highest rank
there's been nothing confirmed so far
however I've had a look at some
screenshots and it's shown at the RPG or
the rocket launcher is acquired at level
80 so it appears that the highest rank
has been increased from 70 in one
warfare to up until 80 which is crazy I
guess I want to try and prolong the life
of multiplayer if you do love ranking up
as much as possible and I believe the
highest best age is 15 now seeing a
picture of the create a class menu and
under the preset classes there was space
for about 15 custom classes and normally
what you find is each time you rank up
in one warfare you'll get an extra
custom class to go along with that that
was the sort of bonus you got for
prestiging so for a space for extra 15
classes that may hinder be fifty fifteen
prestigious and personal I think 15 is
quite a nice number
I only ever hit around four or five on
black ops I'm on warfare 2 and those
ability to hack to a prestige that's
kind of irrelevant but I think 15 ty
enough really if you want to make it any
higher than that then fair enough fess
up to the guys really love ranking up
but if you'd like to see more and a
killstreak specifically i've already
made a video on that listing over
killstreaks and their separate classes
that they've now done it in and so I
really hope you've enjoyed this video I
look forward to using the profession
sieze when one warfare 3 comes out and
I'll see you in other videos